signed issuer metadata (#176)
openid/oid4vc-haip: openid4vc-high-assurance-interoperability-profile-1_0.md

Both Wallet initiated and Issuer initiated issuance is supported.

## Issuer Metadata

> Support for signed Issuer Metadata to allow for Issuer authentication via the `signed_metadata` parameter in the Issuer Metadata is RECOMMENDED. When required by ecosystem policy, signed Issuer Metadata MUST be supported by both the Wallet and the Issuer. Key resolution to validate the signed Issuer Metadata via the `x5c` header parameter in the JWT MUST be supported for signed Issuer Metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To support signed Issuer Metadata to allow for Issuer authentication, it is
RECOMMENDED to use the `signed_metadata` parameter in the Issuer Metadata.
When required by ecosystem policy, signed Issuer Metadata MUST be supported by
both the Wallet and the Issuer. Key resolution to validate the signed Issuer Metadata
MUST be supported using the `x5c` header parameter in the JWT.
```
I would like to be more explicit.

+ can we please put reference to `x5c` parameter?

Both Wallet initiated and Issuer initiated issuance is supported.

## Issuer Metadata

To support signed Issuer Metadata to allow for Issuer authentication, it is

> RECOMMENDED to use the `signed_metadata` parameter in the Issuer Metadata.

Reviewer 2: I would prefer to have authentication on the VCI layer and not the TLS one.

Enterprises will mostly have a TLS proxy, but for eIdAS you need to use a specific access certificate for authentication. Also while using signed metadata with the embedded x509 in the header, it is decoupled from Https and allows better flexibility in the future.

> RECOMMENDED to use the `signed_metadata` parameter in the Issuer Metadata.

Reviewer 3: HAIP isn't just for eIdAS so we should figure out if there's a useful benefit for other ecosystems too, and how to quickly describe that. If we can't then we probably shouldn't recommend it :)

When required by ecosystem policy, signed Issuer Metadata MUST be supported by

> both the Wallet and the Issuer. Key resolution to validate the signed Issuer

Reviewer 4: I think requiring the wallet to support signed metadata makes sense. We already require it for OpenID4VP. By making it optional for the issuer you still provide flexibility, but don't create interoperability issues.
